The newest continent off of the sword coast in the middle of the Trackless Sea North-West of Ruathym. This sizeable land mass had many countries vying for its untapped resources. However, to dissuade any one nation from taking aggressive actions, a council of the nearby nations and city-states have created the Contria [[Opibus Treaty]] which deigned the landmass as a self governed state wherein no nation would be able to lay claim. Instead a series of self-governed cities would be established for people to come and settle the land. However, after initial plans to settle this land two things were quickly discovered. The lands were dangerous throughout, from the coasts to the highest mountain tops, creatures and monstrosities of all types prowled these lands. The other and most importantly were the discovery of [[Impetus Dungeons]]. Dungeons that spawn anywhere on the continents that would contain any manner of danger and treasure. These special dungeons then collapse once fully looted. The system of Adventure Guild Licenses were seen as the most amendable way for [[The Contria Council]] to allow for those that were capable to extract the treasure and resources of this new found land. Every 3 years [[The Contria Council]] convenes to revoke and pledge new Licenses. 

This system and [[The Contria Council]] have been operating on Contria for a decade a half, with many settlements taking hold as the joint effort of all the licensed Adventuring Guilds and city garrisons. There are three major cities that occupy and serve as the main places of power for [[The Contria Council]], with each housing three members of the Council. [[The Realm]] guild is established in the [[Flat Harbor]] region, the southwest inhabited area of Contria. 

As often with civilization, even burgeoning, with law comes lawlessness. There are bandits that roam the lands that have been banished or self exiled from the rest of the lawful world. However, even more dangerous are those guilds that have fallen to either vice or desperation and have been have their license revoked and operate illegally in the country.  